[PM-2653] Add automation to release. (#119)
input-output-hk/scalanet: README.md

resolvers += "Sonatype OSS Snapshots" at "https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots"
```

To publish new release to maven central:

> 1. Create release branch `realease/versionFromVersionFile`
> 2. Crete pr from release branch to `master` branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create release branch `realease/<versionFromVersionFile>`
2. Create PR from release branch to `master` branch
```

> 1. Create release branch `realease/versionFromVersionFile`
> 2. Crete pr from release branch to `master` branch
> 3. Merge release pr to `master`, tag merge commit and push it
> 4. Create merge back pr from `master` to `develop` bumping appropriate version in `versionFile/version`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create release branch `realease/versionFromVersionFile`
2. Create PR from release branch to `master` branch
3. Merge release PR to `master`, tag merge commit and push it
4. Create merge back PR from `master` to `develop` bumping appropriate version in `versionFile/version`, e.g. `mill versionFile.setNextVersion --bump minor`, to make sure no more updates are sent to the released snapshot
```
